README.md, before:

# invoicingB2B

Explanation of End-Points:

## 1.Users's End-Points:

  a) /users/get : * It fetches all the users in the "users" table i.e. all the registered users.<br>
   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* If any user does not exist then it handles that case also and gives warning that 'User Does Not Exist'
                  
  b) /users/post : * It creates user entry, by taking 3 informations i.e. "user_id,name,fk_company". (fk_company is foreign key refering to the company table)<br>
     &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* It also checks that if that fk_company actually exist in the company table or not,<br>
     &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;- If exist then entry is successfull<br>
     &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;- If entry does not exist then it returns warning that "company does not exist".<br>
 
  c) /users/patch : * It updates the attributes of the users like user_id,name,fk_company.<br>
   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp; * Contrainst that if the company_id exist or not has also been handled.<br>
                    
                 
## 2. Companies's End-Points:

  a) /companies/get : * It fetches all the companies in the "companies" table i.e. all the registered companies.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* If any companies does not exist then it handles that case also and gives warning that 'Company Does Not Exist'<br>
                  
  b) /companies/post : * It creates companies entry, by taking 3 informations i.e. "id,name,email".<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* It also checks that if that "id" already exist in the company table or not,<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If does not exist then entry is successfull<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If entry exist then it returns warning that "Company already exist".<br>
 
  c) /companies/patch : * It updates the attributes of the companies like id,name,email. <br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* Contrainst that if the id exist or not has also been handled.<br>
                        
                   
## 3. Invoices's End-Points:

  a) /invoices/get : * It fetches all the invoices in the "invoices" table i.e. all the poissible invoices generated.<br>
                  
  b) /invoices/post : * It takes user_id (person who is generating), from_id(selling companies), to_id(buying companies) ,amount.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* It creates the transaction invoices by the user with user_id<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* It checks all the possible edge cases like:<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If user_id does not exist it gives warining that user does not exist and does not move forward with the process.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If any transaction already exists like (company_id_1 to company_id_2) then it gives warning then it already exists.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If not exist then it will give entry to the invoice table with following amount.<br>
 
  c) /invoices/patch : * It maintains each transaction and by each user too using single invoice table.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* It works in following ways:<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If invoices does not exist then it will give warning then it does not exist and go and create that transaction.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If it exist then we have two options:<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;a) If that invoice is created by that user who created that transaction initially then it will update that amount and add  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;transaction to the item array of the invoice table.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;b) If that invoice is created by another user then simply insert that transaction according to that user_id.<br>
                    
                    
 ## Steps To Run In The Local Server :
 
  a) Download the repository <br>
  b) Then open terminal and run `npm install` and go to the index.js directory.<br>
  c) Now run `node index.js` in terminal, it starts our sever on the port 7777.<br>
  d) To check working of each end-points, go to the "test.http" file where already some filled data is there and use it to the check working of all the end- points.

Commit message:

Added postman link in readme

README.md, after:

# invoicingB2B

Explanation of End-Points:

## 1.Users's End-Points:

  a) /users/get : * It fetches all the users in the "users" table i.e. all the registered users.<br>
   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* If any user does not exist then it handles that case also and gives warning that 'User Does Not Exist'
                  
  b) /users/post : * It creates user entry, by taking 3 informations i.e. "user_id,name,fk_company". (fk_company is foreign key refering to the company table)<br>
     &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* It also checks that if that fk_company actually exist in the company table or not,<br>
     &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;- If exist then entry is successfull<br>
     &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;- If entry does not exist then it returns warning that "company does not exist".<br>
 
  c) /users/patch : * It updates the attributes of the users like user_id,name,fk_company.<br>
   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp; * Contrainst that if the company_id exist or not has also been handled.<br>
                    
                 
## 2. Companies's End-Points:

  a) /companies/get : * It fetches all the companies in the "companies" table i.e. all the registered companies.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* If any companies does not exist then it handles that case also and gives warning that 'Company Does Not Exist'<br>
                  
  b) /companies/post : * It creates companies entry, by taking 3 informations i.e. "id,name,email".<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* It also checks that if that "id" already exist in the company table or not,<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If does not exist then entry is successfull<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If entry exist then it returns warning that "Company already exist".<br>
 
  c) /companies/patch : * It updates the attributes of the companies like id,name,email. <br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* Contrainst that if the id exist or not has also been handled.<br>
                        
                   
## 3. Invoices's End-Points:

  a) /invoices/get : * It fetches all the invoices in the "invoices" table i.e. all the poissible invoices generated.<br>
                  
  b) /invoices/post : * It takes user_id (person who is generating), from_id(selling companies), to_id(buying companies) ,amount.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* It creates the transaction invoices by the user with user_id<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* It checks all the possible edge cases like:<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If user_id does not exist it gives warining that user does not exist and does not move forward with the process.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If any transaction already exists like (company_id_1 to company_id_2) then it gives warning then it already exists.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If not exist then it will give entry to the invoice table with following amount.<br>
 
  c) /invoices/patch : * It maintains each transaction and by each user too using single invoice table.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;* It works in following ways:<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If invoices does not exist then it will give warning then it does not exist and go and create that transaction.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;- If it exist then we have two options:<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;a) If that invoice is created by that user who created that transaction initially then it will update that amount and add  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;transaction to the item array of the invoice table.<br>
 &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;b) If that invoice is created by another user then simply insert that transaction according to that user_id.<br>
                    
                    
 ## Steps To Run In The Local Server :
 
 ### Method 1:<br>
  a) Download the repository <br>
  b) Then open terminal and run `npm install` and go to the index.js directory.<br>
  c) Now run `node index.js` in terminal, it starts our sever on the port 7777.<br>
  d) To check working of each end-points, go to the "test.http" file where already some filled data is there and use it to the check working of all the end- points.<br>

### Method 2 :<br>
Use this postman link to see generated output:<br>
  `https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/20506289/Uyr4M1bJ`
